DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
[loud roar]
Hey Juggernoid!
Depth Tornado!
Catch!
Better luck next time kid.
Next time?
I don't think so, you got my Bakugan, man!
Yeah tough break...You win some you lose some right?
As for me I always win!
VOICE: Halo sector points... power level 150Gs.
What? Only one-fifty!
No way!
That's such a rip off!
Man...What a sore winner.
And such a drama queen.
What more do you want Riki?
You beat all three of us!
This town's a waste of my time.
There's nobody around here that can beat me.
You'd think if you were going to play against
someone as good as me you'd at least bring
a decent Bakugan to the battle.
It's so lame!
What does a guy have to do to find some real competition?
Hey!
Anybody out there want to do battle with me?
MASQUERADE: You looking for a real challenge?
What?
I've seen this one on the web....
You want it?
It's got all the power you'll ever need.
Really?
I wouldn't lie to you...
Try it out and see for yourself,
I know you're gonna like it.
Hey where'd ya go!
Come back!
Who are you?
\u266a Everybody listen to me holler... \u266a
\u266a I'm the best Battle Brawler... \u266a
Battle on!
Oh yeah!
If you want to win at Bakugan
you gotta keep yourself in shape!
That's it!
One more!
Yeah!
One... Two... Three... Four... Five!
Hi! Ho! Hee! Hi!
I'm da man!
You're a boy!
Hey!
It's great you can talk but be nice!
I gotta be ready to beat Masquerade...
That means I have to concentrate...
So cool it on the wisecracks,
okay, Drago?
Are all humans as impulsive as you?
If so, I think it would be better if you left
this battle to me.
I know you want to defeat your opponent
but there is more at stake than you realize.
What's more important than winning?
Humans....
When it comes to Bakugan I've got mad skills
and I know I can be number one easily!
I'll prove it the next time I cross paths
with that clown, Masquearde.
He thinks he's a champ but I'll make him a chump!
You are blinded by your anger!
Am not!
Listen to yourself!
Okay that does it!
Put me down!
Not until you promise to stop dissing me!
And from now on, do as I say!
RUNO: So you started training again.
Oh that's great Dan!
Yeah sure...But Drago kept messing with my head
so it was hard to focus on what I was doing.
You two shouldn't fight, you should work together...
See, real friends are there to help each other out
when they need it.
Yeah I know.
That's why I'm scrubbing Drago down.
He was looking kinda grungy!
Yeah... Right there.
RUNO: You're so lucky Dan.
I've searched the web
and you're the only one I've heard of
with a talking Bakugan.
Ahhh, it's not luck, it was meant to be.
It was destiny that brought the two of us together.
If I could make just one wish it would be that
I find a Bakugan Ball just like Drago someday.
Then I'd face off against Masquerade and find out
who the creep is hiding behind that mask!
Have you guys heard any news about him?
No, nothing.
After he battled you no one's seen or heard
a thing from him again!
Yeah that figures.
My crazy skills with the Bakugan cards
must've spooked him, so he went into hiding.
I wouldn't be so sure about that.
After all he did beat you so why would he have to hide?
Runo!
He did not beat me!
The battlefield disappeared
and then the battle was over!
Don't you remember?
That means it was a draw, nobody won!
Yes it was a draw!
Right!
Thanks Marucho...
From what I observed, the cards used during that battle
had no affect on the final total
of the halo-sector points of either player.
MARUCHO: If I may speculate, perhaps Drago was going
to use an attack that was more powerful
than the cards you had...
And then the overwhelming power emanating from Drago
made the battlefield unstable and caused it to vanish.
So with the battlefield gone the battle could
most definitely be called a draw.
So it self destructed?
Uh, did I miss something here?
But it's impossible to use an attack
that's stronger than your ability card!
Hold on.
You mean Drago has power over the ability cards I have?
Maybe we should leave you two alone for awhile,
it looks you have a lot to talk about...
But don't worry while you're busy gabbing with each other
I'll go settle the score with Masquerade!
Hey! You best step off, Runo!
I'm the one who's fighting Masquerade next!
You're not the boss of me!
I can battle whoever and whenever I want to!
Chill out!
You're battle is with Masquerade, not each other!
Tell that to mister \"my way or the highway\"!
You won't beat me, Marmalade!
No!
You can't take my Bakugan ball!
I won't let you!
Get 'em Drago!
Bakugan Brawl!
DRAGO: Perhaps this human
will be of some use to me after all...
Because for my home, Vestroia...
...time is running out...
DAN: Morning! I'm starving!
[plates rattle]
Thanks Mom!
Aw man... I better not miss my first class again...
Uh... Let's see...
Hey!
Is something troubling you?
You had a restless sleep last night.
You're not taking me with you today?
I don't want to be late for school.
Dan?
Hey I heard you the first time!
Listen I gotta get going...
You called me by my name... ?
You don't mind do you?
... I could call you something else if you like.
No, Dan's good...
They call me worse things at school.
I was thinking it would be better for both of us
if we worked together... as a team.
Drago! Yeah!
Come here, partner!
You and I will make the best team ever!
We're going all the way Drago!
All the way to the top!
Go! Drago!
Boosted Dragon!
We won!
Oh! So you're friends again.
That's great.
Yeah everything's been aces since Drago starting
seeing things my way.
Although... I don't know what...
made him change...
Something I said maybe?
Well you do have a way with words you know...
Good for you Dan.
If I might speculate...
Hey listen up everybody!
I got big news! Big news!
Uh what's so important Runo... Tell us.
Tah-Dah!
Look!
I got myself a talking Bakugan...
My wish came true!
Ah yes... That appears to be--
A Tigrerra.
Its attribute is light, it's a Haos Tigrerra..
Oh I'm so excited!
This is the best thing that's ever happened to me.
Chill for a sec, let's hear what it sounds like...
Hey! I'm Dan. Hi!
Greetings... Human.
She's all... Mine...
Now you know how I feel...
Looks like our little team of Bakugan Battle Brawlers
is getting stronger everyday!
You know it!
Oh yes I do concur we are indeed a force
to be reckoned with!
Yeah, and we all know what the first order of business
is gonna be, don't we?
It's time someone took Masquerade
and his tacky costume
to the cleaners...
And that someone is me!
Or me... Depending on who gets to him first.
DRAGO: These humans do not seem to lack confidence...
I only hope they can be trusted when the time comes...
the fate of Vestroia could be in their hands.
Stay tuned for more Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers are back!
Battle on!
\u266a Bakugan Battle Brawlers are number one! \u266a
\u266a Masquerade had better run! \u266a
Yeah!
You're in good spirits, Dan.
Why shouldn't I be, Drago?
It's a beautiful day for a Bakugan battle
and I've got you as my partner.
And to make things even better
that creepy Masquerade
is finally gonna get what's coming to him!
Something's not right!
You there!
Are you Dan Kuso?
That's me...
Who're you?
My name is Rikimaru...
And I've come here to do battle with you, Dan!
[clears throat] No problem...
Well... I'm ready...
You say the word and we'll start...
But pay attention 'cause you might learn something!
Please Dan, be careful...
There's something I don't like about this.
You won't talk so tough once you see the cards I have...
[laughs]
The Doom Card!
[evil laugh]
Oh no!
Hey?
Where does a poser like you get a Doom Card from?
I have my connections...
Aw you gotta be kidding me?
... You're working for Masquerade?
That's none of your business...
Believe me, you've got bigger things to worry about...
Get ready I'm opening the field!
Doom Card set!
Gate card open now!
Let's do this Pyrus!
This character card will double your power level!
So what are you waiting for?
Hey I like your style!
Bakugan!
Brawl!
Bakugan! Stand!
Robotallian! Battle!
DRAGO: Dan his attribute is water!
It doesn't matter what attribute he has...
I have you, Drago and I can beat him!
Stay calm!
Let's see what his first move is going to be!
There's no time for that!
Bakugan! Brawl!
Okay, now we're in the game!
Hey! What's he up to? Has he lost it?
Why'd he put all his Bakugans out on the field
so early in the battle?
He has two Aquos Bakugan lined up...
Now choose your next card carefully!
Here!
Try this on for size!
Bakugan! Brawl!
No! Not that one!
Now you're mine!
Go! Aquos Siege!
BAKU-POD: Aqua Siege identified...
Power level 350Gs!
A strong opponent!
Here's the ability card!
Activate!
No! They're... all washed away!
They've been sent to the Doom Dimension...
It was a chain reaction attack!
But why would he do that?
... He sacrificed his Bakugans...
Smooth move Rikimaru...
You think by pulling the plug on your Bakugan you can win this?
The only thing that counts is the win!
It doesn't matter how you win!
What? No way!
All right!
If that's the way you wanna play this game...
Then so be it!
This is why I told you to wait Dan!
You were too hasty!
You should have known he was up to something
when he called for the two Aquos Bakugans!
If you kept your calm and defeated the first Bakugan
at the beginning of the battle
you wouldn't be in the mess you're in now!
Hold on... Wasn't it you who told me to wait
and see what his first move would be?
Your impatience sent three of my kind
to the Doom Dimension!
Aw chill out, would ya!
This battle isn't over yet!
What'd you mean?
It's time... Now... It's your turn on deck.
I think you know what I'm talking about...
I want you to do that special thing you do.
It's too dangerous!
Just do it! Win!
That's all that matters right now!
Dan! Wait!
Go Drago!
Do it!
This is not a game anymore!
Ability Card Activate! Boosted Dragon!
BAKU-POD: Drago's power level...
440Gs!
Great!
With a power level that high were definitely good to go!
This one's ours.
Drago should have no problem putting the smack
down on that Aquos Siege.
DRAGO: What does Dan want from me?
A forced attack is not a strategy!
My opponent has probably already predicted
what my next move will be...
Very well... I'll give it a try!
Whoa... He really can break free
from the force of the ability card.
No way!
BAKU-POD: Drago's power has dropped to 340Gs.
[\u266a]
Drago! What are you waiting for?
Without the ability card you'll be history!
Your power level is lower than his!
Yes!
Finish him... Do it now!
[scream]
Come on, end it!
There's not much time left...
The Gate Card will open soon!
BAKU-POD: Adjusting power levels...
It can't be!
Drago!
That Aquos Siege got owned...
Drago won the battle.
It was the Pyrus.
I tried to set a trap with my second card...
But your Bakugan knew the Pyrus card
would cause their power levels to switch!
And that's how he was able to gain control
and win the battle at the last moment.
Yeah... But how'd he do it?
The ability card you throw down
gives your Bakugan increased power.
Had my plan worked, that power would have
transferred to Aquos Seige...
Your Bakugan released itself
from the ability card
and its power level decreased.
So that means...
Even though Drago was low on juice he knew that
once his power level switched with the Aquos Siege
it would give him enough strength to win the battle.
Drago waited until the very last minute
to use the Pyrus maneuver just as the gate card
was about to open.
Which was a risky move because the battle
could have ended in a draw
or a loss!
I just wanted to be the best Bakugan player...
That masked guy said all I had to do was beat you
and I could keep Aquos Siege...
But it's all over now... Gone!
So Masquerade has done it again!
He took advantage of you and made you fight his battle
for him.
I don't know what he's trying to prove
but I'm going to find out!
Together Drago and I will take him down...
He thinks he's all that but he's not!
Huh? Hey?
Drago!
The battle was pretty close... But you won!
And you worked some choice moves too!
Drago?
DRAGO: You thought the battle was close?
Do you have any idea how dangerous
the Pyrus maneuver is?
What's with you?
We won!
And it's all because of you, buddy...
Okay sure, I was a little gung ho at the start
but I learned my lesson...
This is no time to argue,
let's celebrate! 'Kay?
DRAGO: You want to celebrate
after everything that's happened?
What about the friends I lost today?
Hey... If I could bring them back I would!
DRAGO: You don't understand, Dan,
they can't come back!
All Bakugan are alive but the ones that fall into
the Doom Dimension are gone.
They will never return!
That may not mean much to you
but for me it's hard to take.
Perhaps you're so intent on defeating
this Masquerade that you don't realize
how reckless your actions are.
It's obvious to me the Bakugan are just
a game to you and nothing more...
I had hoped that you were different.
But I can't trust you.
No... That's not... true...
I can be trusted... We're a team...
We work together...
You remember the day we made that deal...
I don't know what you're getting so wound up about,
I've been straight with all along.
Sure there are still things I don't understand
about the Bakugan but that's no reason
to give up on me.
I get totally pumped every time we take on
a new player and you should too.
Don't bail on me now.
We can do this... If you want more say
in what goes down, you got it!
But you better make sure you're right!
Like if your little trick on battlefield
hadn't worked today then where would you be?
You'd be toast!
Done for!
This is twisted.
I thought you and I made a wicked combo...
But now it sounds like you wanna go solo!
Well I won't stand in your way Drago...
If that's what you want then I guess our deal is done.
It's over!
So long buddy...
We're finished.
It was nice knowing you, but this is goodbye!
Goodbye forever!
DAN: On the next Bakugan Battle Brawlers,
things just aren't the same without Drago around.
And while he's busy swimming with the fishes,
I've got my hands full when I face off against
a whole new batch of Bakugan players...
I get a few painful lessons
from some crazy creatures.
It's not easy keeping up and it takes everything I've got
just to stay in the game.
But with my cards at my side I'm ready for action.
Just say the word and I'm always up for a Bakugan brawl.
There's just one thing missing...
Find out what that is on the next Bakugan Battle Brawlers!